[23.0] Client README updates, watch/serve tweaks (#15380)
galaxyproject/galaxy: client/README.md

    make client-dev-server

Or, with the package scripts from this `client` directory:

    yarn run develop

This will start up an extra client development server running on port 8081. Open
your browser to `http://localhost:8081` (instead of the default 8080 that Galaxy
would run on), and you should see Galaxy like normal.  Except now, when you
change client code it'll automatically rebuild _and_ reload the relevant portion
of the application for you. Lastly, if you are running Galaxy at a location
other than the default, you can specify a different proxy target (in this
example, port 8000) using the GALAXY_URL environment variable:

    GALAXY_URL="http://localhost:8000" make client-dev-server

Sometimes you want to run your local UI against a remote Galaxy server. This is

> also possible if you enable `CHANGE_ORIGIN` flag:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
also possible if you set the `CHANGE_ORIGIN` environment variable:
```

    make skip-client

Or by setting the following environment variable and running Galaxy however you
prefer:

    GALAXY_SKIP_CLIENT_BUILD=1 ./run.sh

## Changing Styles/CSS

Galaxy uses Sass for globally applied styling, which is a superset of CSS that
compiles down to regular CSS. Most Galaxy styling source (.scss) files are kept
in `client/src/style/scss`. Many components will also have local style blocks
containing styles that are particular to that individual component and do not
apply site-wide.

On build, the compiled css bundle is served at `/static/style/base.css`.

As mentioned above, `make client` will rebuild styles as a part of the webpack

> build. For iterative development "Watch Mode" rebuilds as described above do

Reviewer: I think we should keep the comma after `For iterative development`, since it's like saying "When doing iterative development, ..."

## Changing Styles/CSS

Galaxy uses Sass for globally applied styling, which is a superset of CSS that compiles down
to regular CSS. Most Galaxy styling source (.scss) files are kept in

> `client/src/style/scss`. There are additionaly style blocks alongside some Vue

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`client/src/style/scss`. There are additional style blocks alongside some Vue
```
